The game objective is to catch the red and green spiders in the respective baskets.
The black spiders are to be killed by the laser.

Score:
+1 for every correct spider catch
-1 if wrong colour spider in wrong basket
-5 if the spider reaches the base 

The game controls are as follows:
The RED basket can be moved by pressing 'r' and the left-right arrow keys.
Pressing the LEFT MOUSE BUTTON on the RED basket and moving the mouse also translates the basket.
The GREEN basket can be moved by pressing 'g' and the left-right arrow keys.
Pressing the LEFT MOUSE BUTTON on the GREEN basket and moving the mouse also translates the basket.
The BLUE canon can be moved by pressing 'b' and the left-right arrow keys, and it can be
rotated by pressing 'b' and up-down arrow keys.
Pressing the LEFT MOUSE BUTTON on the BLUE canon and moving the mouse also translates the basket.
Pressing the RIGHT MOUSE BUTTON when the canon is selected and moving the mouse also rotates the basket.
The LASER can be emmited by pressing the spacebar.

AT THE BEGINNING OF THE GAME:
Neither of the baskets or canon are selected(indicated by the dull colour).Pressing the
'r','g' keys or clicking on the baskets selects them.

MOVEMENT OF THE BASKET/CANON:
Either of the baskets or the canon can be moved only if they are in the selected mode.

LASER:
The lifetime of a laser beam is 1 second.It looses its power on hitting a spider.
The canon takes 1 second to recharge before it can fire another laser beam.
The laser beams reflects of the walls of the world and exits through the top of the world.

DIFFICULTY:
The difficulty of the game increases as time increases.
Every 5 second one more spider falls down , speed of the spider increases and the laser beam
velocity also increases.
 
RUNNING THE GAME:
To run the game enter the command
./assignment1 < input
the 'input' files contains the following values:
world_len
world_ht 
bas_len 
canon_len 
canon_ht 
gun_len 
gun_ht 
laser_vel 
spi_len 
spi_count 
spi_min_vel
spi_max_vel;
